It's some kind of (?)
(?) seen one like this
You okay?
Yea
Look I had no idea that thing was following me, i swear.
Kit, what'd you do this time?
Nothing!
I was taking a shortcut through Glenicks point and i saw something in the forest,
some kind of,
mining station.
No there's nothing up there but dirt and rock. OK if there was, I would know about it.
No, that's the thing,
I don't think anybody is supposed to know about it.
Look.
What's the Empire looking for here?
The same thing that I've been looking for.
One of these fell off the transports that i was following,
It has almost the exact same energy signature as the crystals of Ilum.
I don't know,
are you still reading those Jedi folktales?
Didn't I tell you not to let that stuff get to your head?
Look I haven't tested it yet but i have a feeling that one of these could power-.
A lightsaber?
Kit, look, you can work on your little science experiments all you want, OK, but this is too far.
Who knows what kind of danger you've put us in?
Don't you want to know what the Empire is doing with these?
We have to go back!
And then what?
If the Empire is really here,
I want to make sure we're not.
OK, we have to figure out how to get off of this rock.
We can't just run away.
Even the outer rim territories have been occupied.
How do you know that?
I scanned the transmission from an Imperial freight ship.
The Empire is expanding.
Merek,
I've been thinking,
we should join the Rebellion.
Kit, I don't know what to tell you,
but that's not our fight.
Are you sure this isn't just another one of his stories?
Yea Kit has a wild imagination, but I don't think he'd make this up.
I saw the recording, they were Stormtroopers.
I don't like this, it's not safe there.
Look, Rina, don't worry.
OK,
I'm going to make it to Alderaan as soon as I can.
How much longer?
Well getting a transport, that's quick,
but paying for it is another story.
I don't know,
maybe another month?
It still feels so far away.
I can't wait to see you.
I'll figure something out
You know that doesn't make you a Jedi, right?
It works.
The crystal works.
Kit, you remember how to get back to that mine?
Yea, but i thought you said that-
Yea i know what i said,
But we can't stay here.
OK if the Empire sent that probe, it means they're still looking for us.
Then why do you want to go back to the mine?
If those crystals are as rare as you say they are,
they might be our ticket out of here.
Wait,
you want to steal from the Empire?
Its the only way to pay for a transport.
Get your stuff together, we're not coming back here.
Looks like this side has the least amount of security,
on the other side of that barricade is the mine.
Alright, so if i distract those two do you think that you could get in?
Yea, I think so.
Good.
As soon as you see a chance, go for it, but remember to stay out of sight and don't do anything-
Yea, don't worry, i got this.
(Music plays from hologram)
(Music continues playing)
Freeze!
Drop the case and turn around slowly.
Stupid kid.
Did you get them? Yea, lets go!
We have a problem.
Stop right there.
On your knees.
You're trespassing on Imperial property,
Identify yourself.
Identify yourself!
Kit, lets go. Come on, lets go!
Wait, wait, wait, you OK?
What happened?
Alderaan's gone, how is that possible?
I don't know.
Rina.
Rina, come in.
Rina, are you there?
I don't get it,
I'm scanning transmissions sent to that mining station, and it sounds like they knew it was going to happen.
Like it was planned.
You're right Kit,
I don't want to believe it, but the Empire is expanding.
In ways we can't even imagine.
So what do we do now?
We join the fight.
You mean the Rebellion?
Lead the way.